hello youtube this is mike dunn 878 I
got our SOS flag on set for you it's a
note it's a pretty good sesh um I like
using a know you more than you you even
though flygon is you you and I have
really light flag on that much but I do
really like mix flygon because he can do
a lot of things at the regular one can't
because the regular one you should as
spam scarf you turn which I find really
you know repetitive and boring so you
know if you're looking for an inch more
interesting stuff is if you don't know
much of a flag on he's dragging ground
typing in his abilities levitate which
makes them no longer moves I prefer the
nature naive less special defense and
more speed because he dies for most
special hits anyway most special hits in
oh you're you you are ice to begin with
and it gives a more speed you know he
wants more speed he has based a hundred
to begin with him his item can be expert
belt or life for because it is a mixed
set so you can expert built for um
damage without reducing your
survivability but life our life or
provides that extra ten percent damage
your out push but costs the ten percent
of your HP his base stats are pretty
good for mix house you know 80 special
tak 100 attack 100 speed you want to mix
pokemon to have pretty good speed so the
fact that he can about speed the
plethora of 317 face her max speed
Pokemon you know base 95 speed is good
and the majority of the pokémon who are
on base 95 speed our fighting type or
normal type which flygon doesn't really
fear but he can't do a whole lot back to
so that's just something to keep in mind
since he has a pretty good attack set to
begin with much better than as a special
tax that will give more attack
investment to is or more investment to
as a tack stash but will try to give
special attack high enough debt it i'll
actually enable him to score some chaos
on various threats I gave them absolute
max speed so 252 speed plus the naive
nature which me means he'll max out 328
give it about 150 tak which I think it
brings them up to like to 60 or so give
108 special attack which brings them
around 200 I think and his moveset is
earthquake outrage hidden power Ice and
Fire Blast and earthquake and outrage or
mandatory stabbed earthquake you know
good coverage outrage over dragon claw
because if it's a last resort you want
your your attack to be powerful so
outraged life formed if you're using the
life forms that will be quite powerful
even without max investment so let's
just keep in mind and empower ice for
other dragon types in fire blasts in owe
you for ferrothorn in for bisharp in you
you and the sets good against a few
things it's good against ferrothorn in
particular to know you especially the
ones that expect you to be you turn and
they go for the arm switch into
ferrothorn you know because they want to
get the iron barbs damage or rocky
helmet as well nan scarf noodle king
usually die 21 earthquake if they're not
heavily invested in defenses non toy
scarf scissor um if they do try to
spammy you turn a choice baited you turn
or anything like that a fire blast will
quickly dispatch them so it's a good
thing as well and that most steel bug
types are steel types in general have a
really big problem with flag on
especially since a lot of them do rely
on thunder wave such as um registeel in
ferrothorn do have thunder wave support
which flag on can't shut down he's bout
against you know the strong walls the
tears poori on dusclops all them bad
against dragons because he dont dies the
superfecta attacks he's batting in
status ailments because he doesn't have
instant recovery he does have roofs but
he doesn't have recovery to status he's
also very weak to status because he's a
pokemon that's meant to come in revenge
kill with a superfecta attacking a mix
sesh and then switch back out so you're
trying to live in his some position on
the other pokemon as much as possible
reduce the effect of time that he's
going to be in the battle you
coming in killing something leaving or I
want coming in killing something they
switch to a counter you kill the counter
with unexpected attack etc anybody to
smoke down 97 h and that's my flag on
set so you know like comment solve
whatever you want to do and i will
upload again thanks